chore: update docs on the operator (#726)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/040_pepr-tutorials/030_create-pepr-operator.md

mkdir -p capabilities/crd/generated capabilities/crd/source  
```

> Generate a class based on the WebApp CRD using `kubernetes-fluent-client`, this way we can react to the fields of the CRD in a type-safe way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a class based on the WebApp CRD using `kubernetes-fluent-client`. This way we can react to the fields of the CRD in a type-safe way.
```

}
```

Move the updated file to `capabilities/crd/generated/webapp-v1alpha1.ts`.

> in the `capabilities/crd/source` folder, create a file called `webapp.crd.ts` and add the following, we want the controller to automatically create the CRD when it starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `capabilities/crd/source` folder, create a file called `webapp.crd.ts` and add the following. This will have the controller automatically create the CRD when it starts.
```

};
```

> Add a `register.ts` file to the `capabilities/crd/` folder and add the following, this will auto register the CRD on startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `register.ts` file to the `capabilities/crd/` folder and add the following. This will auto register the CRD on startup.
```

    });
};
(() => RegisterCRD())();
```

> Finally add a `validate.ts` file to the `crd` folder and add the following, this will ensure that instances of the WebApp resource are in valid namespaces and have a maximum of 7 replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally add a `validate.ts` file to the `crd` folder and add the following. This will ensure that instances of the WebApp resource are in valid namespaces and have a maximum of 7 replicas.
```

}
```

> In this section we generated the CRD class for WebApp and created a function to auto register the CRD, and added a validator to validate that instances of WebApp are in valid namespaces and have a maximum of 7 replicas.

Author: ```suggestion
In this section we generated the CRD class for WebApp, created a function to auto register the CRD, and added a validator to validate that instances of WebApp are in valid namespaces and have a maximum of 7 replicas.
```

## Create Helpers

> In this section we will create helper functions to help with the reconciliation process. The idea is that this operator will "remedy" any accidental deletions of the resources it creates. If any object deployed by the Operator is deleted for any reason, the Operator will abruptly redeploy the object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section we will create helper functions to help with the reconciliation process. The idea is that this operator will "remedy" any accidental deletions of the resources it creates. If any object deployed by the Operator is deleted for any reason, the Operator will automatically redeploy the object.
```

Minor tone fix:  "abruptly" has connotations of being _sudden, unexpected, and (possibly) unpleasant_ whereas "automatically" is more neutral/pleasant.

> Create a `controller` folder in the `capabilities` folder and create a `generators.ts` file. This file will contain the functions that will generate the manifests that will be deployed by the Operator with the ownerReferences added to them. Since these resources are owned by the WebApp resource, they will be deleted when the WebApp resource is deleted.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a `controller` folder in the `capabilities` folder and create a `generators.ts` file. This file will contain the functions that will generate the Kubernetes Objects that will be deployed by the Operator with the ownerReferences added to them. Since these resources are owned by the WebApp resource, they will be deleted when the WebApp resource is deleted.
```

> Create a `controller` folder in the `capabilities` folder and create a `generators.ts` file. This file will contain the functions that will generate the Kubernetes Objects that will be deployed by the Operator with the ownerReferences added to them. Since these resources are owned by the WebApp resource, they will be deleted when the WebApp resource is deleted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a `controller` folder in the `capabilities` folder and create a `generators.ts` file. This file will contain functions that generate Kubernetes Objects for the Operator to deploy (with the ownerReferences auto-included). Since these resources are owned by the WebApp resource, they will be deleted when the WebApp resource is deleted.
```

}
```

> Our job is to make the deployment of the WebApp simple. Instead of having to keep track of the versions and revisions to all of the Kubernetes manifest required for the WebApp, and rolling pods and updating configMaps, the deployer now only needs to focus on the `WebApp` instance. The controller will reconcile instances of the operand (WebApp) against the actual cluster state to reach the desired state.

Author: ```suggestion
Our job is to make the deployment of the WebApp simple. Instead of having to keep track of the versions and revisions of all of the Kubernetes Objects required for the WebApp, rolling pods and updating configMaps, the deployer now only needs to focus on the `WebApp` instance. The controller will reconcile instances of the operand (WebApp) against the actual cluster state to reach the desired state.
```

We decide which `ConfigMap` to deploy based on the language and theme specified in the WebApp resource and how many replicas to deploy based on the replicas specified in the WebApp resource.

## Create Reconciler

> Now, create the function that reacts to changes across WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a Queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.

Author: ```suggestion
Now, create the function that reacts to changes across WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.
```

> Now, we create the function that reacts to changes across the WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a Queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, create the function that reacts to changes across WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a Queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.
```

> Now, we create the function that reacts to changes across instances of the WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a Queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we create the function that reacts to changes across the WebApp instances. This function will be called and put into a Queue, guaranteeing ordered and synchronous processing of events, even when the system may be under heavy load.
```

  });

```
- When a WebApp is created or updated, validate it, store the name of the instance and enqueue it for processing.

> - If an "owned" resources (ConfigMap, Service, or Deployment) is deleted, redeploy it, check and see if it was owned by a WebApp instance and redeploy it if it was.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an "owned" resource (ConfigMap, Service, or Deployment) is deleted, redeploy it, check and see if it was owned by a WebApp instance, and redeploy it if it was.
```

> - If an "owned" resource (ConfigMap, Service, or Deployment) is deleted, redeploy it, check and see if it was owned by a WebApp instance, and redeploy it if it was.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If an "owned" resource (ConfigMap, Service, or Deployment) is deleted, redeploy it.
```
Seems the second clause was a duplicate... or did I just read it poorly..?

npx pepr update
```

> Build the Pepr manifests (Already built with appropriate RBAC)

Reviewer: What was already built with appropriate RBAC?

Author: Yes, with `npx pepr build --rbac-mode=scoped` and then adding by hand the missing elements.
